SDK-2024. Deleted old Evaluator and Upgrader doc. Added Manifest inte… (#1675)
spryker/spryker-docs: docs/scos/dev/guidelines/keeping-a-project-upgradable/code-upgrader-supported-extension-scenarios.md

---
title: Spryker Code Upgrader supported extension scenarios
description: Spryker extensions scenarios covered by the Spryker Code Upgrader
last_updated: Mar 13, 2023
template: concept-topic-template
related:
  - title: Plugins registration
    link: docs/scos/dev/guidelines/keeping-a-project-upgradable/supported-extension-scenarios/event-subscribers-registration.html
  - title: Event subscribers registration
    link: docs/scos/dev/guidelines/keeping-a-project-upgradable/supported-extension-scenarios/event-subscribers-registration.html
  - title: Modules configuration
    link: docs/scos/dev/guidelines/keeping-a-project-upgradable/supported-extension-scenarios/modules-configuration.html
---

## Introduction

The Spryker Code Upgrader implements code changes on the project level.

Code changes on the project level can be delivered to a customer's projects through manifest files.
The manifest files cover a list of the ways code changes can be done.

> This article aims to describe how ro tegister a plugin and configure modules, that can be covered by manifests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This article aims to describe how to register a plugin and configure modules that can be covered by manifests.
```

To ensure the successful delivery of Spryker updates, we recommend using the extension points that exist in the article.

> {% info_block infoBox "Exceptions" %}

Reviewer 2: I wouldn't call it "exceptions". It is how a customer can extend the Spryker project without blocking upgradability.

Author: Renamed to "Warnings"
The info box contains info "what happens if customer skipped the rules" - it is kind of "not usual case"
